# Release manifest for EditRowPlugin
!noci
data/System/EditRowPlugin.txt 0444 Documentation
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/EditRowPlugin.pm 0444 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/EditRowPlugin/Config.spec 0444 Configuration information
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/EditRowPlugin/Table.pm 0444 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/EditRowPlugin/TableParser.pm 0444 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/EditRowPlugin/TableRow.pm 0444 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/EditRowPlugin/TableCell.pm 0444 Perl module
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/addrow.gif 0444 Image
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/arrowdown.gif 0444 Image
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/arrowup.gif 0444 Image
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/edittable.gif 0444 Image
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/edittopic.gif 0444 Image
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/erp.js 0444 Compressed Javascript
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/erp_src.js 0444 Javascript source
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/example3.gif 0444 Image
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/example4.gif 0444 Image
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/example5.gif 0444 Image
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/minus.gif 0444 Image
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/plus.gif 0444 Image
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/quiet.gif 0444 Image
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/save.gif 0444 Image
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/screenshot.gif 0444 Image
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/stop.gif 0444 Image
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/TableSort.js 0444 Compressed Javascript
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/TableSort_src.js 0444 Javascript source
pub/System/EditRowPlugin/wikiringlogo20x20.png 0444 Image
